add Insert Function (#5204)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/guides/filtering-data.md

![Schema Configuration section of a source's Settings page](images/protocols-unplanned.png)

## Destination Insert Function

> The newest, most customizable way to filter or alter data going from a source to a Cloud Mode destination is to use [Insert Functions]([url](https://segment.com/docs/connections/functions/insert-functions/)). This feature gives you the abiltiy to receive data from your Segment source, write custom code to alter or block it, and then pass that altered payload to a downstream Cloud Mode destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customizable way to filter or alter data going from a source to a cloud-mode destination is to use [Insert Functions](/docs/connections/functions/insert-functions/)). This feature gives you the ability to receive data from your Segment source, write custom code to alter or block it, and then pass that altered payload to a downstream cloud-mode destination.
```
